>> Stephen: HEY, EVERYBODY, WE
ARE HE'S BACK HERE, WE'RE BACK
HEAR WITH OUR FRIEND GAYLE KING.
GAYLE, THIS MORNING ON THE CBS
THIS MORNING YOU AIRED PART OF
THE SIT DOWN WITH KELLY'S
LIVE-IN GIRL FRIEND.
>> GIRLFRIENDS.
>> MULTIPLE, TWO OF THEM.
>> YES.
>> Stephen: JOYCELYN.
>> WHO IS 23.
>> Stephen: AND ASRIEL.
>> WHO IS 21.
AND HE IS 52.
THAT WAS KIND OF MY REACTION
TOO.
>> Stephen: OKAY.
AND THERE IS AGE DIFFERENCE,
THAT HE IS IN-- THEY ARE BOTH
HIS GIRLFRIEND AT THE SAME TIME.
>> YES.
>> Stephen: I UNDERSTAND R.
KELLY STAYED IN THE ROOM FOR
THAT INTERVIEW.
>> THIS IS THE THING.
I HAD BEEN WORKING WITH HIS-- HE
HAS A MANAGEMENT PERSON, DARRELL
JOHNSON, AND HE SAID ROBERT WILL
NOT BE IN THE ROOM, OKAY, GREAT,
AND DARRELL WAS STANDING BEHIND
ME.
THE GIRLS ARE IN FRONT OF ME,
WHEN YOU GO INTO A SWANKY SUITE
THEY VEY LITTLE HALLWAY BEFORE
YOU GET INTO THE MAIN ENTRANCE.
I SAW ROBERT LEAVE, I DID NOT
SEE HIM COME BACK IN.
SO I DID NOT KNOW THEY HAD COME
BACK IN.
NEITHER DID DARRELL JOHNSON WHO
ASSURED ME HE WOULD NOT BE IN.
SO I'M NOT BLAMING DARRELL.
R. KELLY COMES BACK IN, HE CAN
HEAR THE CONVERSATION, HE IS OUT
OF MY EYESIGHT AND OUT OF THE
GIRL'S EYESIGHT TOO, THEY DID
NOT SEE HIM, BUT WHEN THERE WAS
A QUESTION HE DIDN'T LIKE AND I
CAN'T REMEMBER WHAT IT WAS LIKE,
YOU HEAR THIS-- -- I AM A LITTLE
IRRITATED BECAUSE I'M THINKING
WHO ON THE CREW IS KROF COUGHING
LIKE THAT, YOU KNOW WHEN ARE YOU
TAPING, YOU WOULD MUCH RATHER
CHOKE THAN INTERRUPT A TAPING,
SO I AM THINKING WHO IS THAT,
AND THEN I AM CLEARED IT IS R.
KELLY, I'M TOLD HE IS TALKING TO
MY CREW, THEY ARE DOINGOGUE,
SHOULD I GO IN AND STOP T SHOULD
I STOP IT, HE IS HAVING A
DIALOGUE WITH PEOPLE ON MY TEAM.
THEY SAID NO, YOU SHOULD
PROBABLY LEAVE ALONE.
WE CONTINUE THE CONVERSATION.
BUT THE GIRLS ARE SO ANGRY, SO
ANGRY THE WAY THEY SPOKE.
AS A MATTER OF FACT, ASRIEL HE'S
DAD CALLED ME, HI BEEN TALKING
TO HIM TO APOLOGIZE, HE SAID FOR
THE BEHAVIOR OF MY DAUGHTER.
HE CALLED ME TODAY.
THAT IS NOT THE DAUGHTER I
RAISED.
I DON'T KNOW WHO THAT GIRL.
IS I'M SO SORRY.
>> Stephen: HER PARENTS ARE
VERY WORRIED.
>> THEY ARE TERRIFIED, BOTH SETS
OF PARENTS ARE TERRIFIED BECAUSE
THEY BELIEVE THEIR DAUGHTERS
HAVE BEEN BRAIN WASHED.
THESE GUYS, THEY ARE 21 AND 23,
THEY DON'T EVEN KNOW.
WE DON'T KNOW HOW THE R. KELLY
STORY IS GOING TO END, WE REALLY
DON'T.
BUT WHAT I DO KNOW IS THAT THOSE
GIRLS ARE GOINGED TO NEED THEIR
FAMILIES SOONER I THINK RATHER
THAN LATER.
SO IT WAS HEART BREAKING.
>> Stephen: AND IN THE SPECIAL
TOMORROW NIGHT YOU HAVE AN HOUR
LONG SPECIAL AT 8 P.M.
>> THEY ARE WORKING ON IT RIGHT
NOW, RIGHT NOW.
>> Stephen: YOU HAVE GOT AN
EXCLUSIVE FIRST LOOK AT PART OF
IT HERE.
THIS IS YOU TALKING TO R. KELLY,
I THINK, ABOUT HIS HISTORY OF
BEING WITH INAPPROPRIATE GIRLS.
>> I WASN'T SURE WHAT THEY HAD.
OKAY.
>> GIVEN THAT YOU KNOW THAT
ABOUT YOU, WHY DO YOU CONTINUE,
IT SEEMS, TO CONTINUE TO SEE
YOUNG WOMEN?
WHY DO YOU CONTINUE TO DID THAT?
>> WHY DO I CONTINUE TO SEE
WOMEN.
>> Stephen: I'M NOT SAYING
>> I KNOW OLDER WOMEN AS WELL.
I KNOW-- 43 YEAR OLDS, THEY
COOL, I GO OUT WITH THEM, I LOVE
WOMEN.
>> Stephen: YOU KNOW, THIS IS
THE THING, WHEN I ASKED R. KELLY
ABOUT YOUNGER WOMEN, DON'T YOU
THINK CONSIDERING YOUR BEHAVIOR
THAT YOU MIGHT SAY TO YOURSELF,
MAYBE THIS ISN'T GOOD.
BECAUSE THIS IS NOT A "HE SAID,
SHE SAID" THIS IS A "HE SAID,
SHE SAID" SHE SAID HE SHE SAID
SHE SAID HE SHE SAID.
AND HE KEEPING SAYS THAT I
DIDN'T DO ANYTHING WRONG.
ALL THESE WOMEN ARE LYING.
I GO EVERYBODY IS LYING EXCEPT
FOR YOU?
YOU KNOW, THAT JUST-- THAT JUST
DEFIES LOGIC.
WHEN I WENT INTO THE INTERVIEW I
KNEW HE WASN'T GOING TO SAY YOU
KNOW GAYLE, YOU ARE RIGHT, HAVE
I DONE TERRIBLE THINGS.
BUT I DID THINK THAT ON SOME
LEVEL HE WOULD HAVE A MOMENT OF
REFLECTION, HE WOULD HAVE CON
TRIGS.
SO IT BECAME VERY, YOU KNOW,
VERY TROUBLING TO ME TO SEE HIM
REALLY JUST FALL APART.
I THOUGHT WE WERE
WITNESS-- WITNESSING OF THE
SELF-DESTRUCTION OF A MAN HAVING
A BREAKDOWN, THAT IS NEVER A
GOOD THING TO SEE.
NEVER.
>> Stephen: HOW DO YOU FEEL
ABOUT HOW WE AS AN AUDIENCE OR
FANS CAN APPROACH THE ARTIST'S
WORK ETHIC.
>> HOW DO YOU SEPARATE IT.
>> Stephen: MICHAEL JACKSON IS
BEING PULLED OFF RADIO STATIONS,
PLAY LISTS ALL AROUND THE WORLD.
>> UH-HUH.
>> Stephen: CAN YOU STILL
ENJOY THE WORK OF ARTISTS LIKE
R. KELLY OR MICHAEL JACKSON
AFTER THIS.
>> I HAVE BEEN THINKING ABOUT
THAT.
BECAUSE YOU KNOW, LISTEN, THAT
SONG I BELIEVE I CAN FLY WAS ONE
OF MY FAVORITE SONGS, SERGE
LOVED ALL OF MICHAEL'S WORK.
BUT FOR ME IT'S HARD TO SEPARATE
IT NOW.  AND I THINK THAT YOU
KNOW, YOU HAVE TO DI SIDE FOR
YOURSELF WHAT YOU WANT TO DO.
BUT THESE ARE DIFFERENT TIMES.
AND WE ARE HEARING IT NOW WITH
DIFFERENT EARS.
WE ARE PAYING ATTENTION TO IT IN
A WAY THAT WE HAVEN'T PAID A
CONTINUATION TO IT BEFORE.
AND THE THING ABOUT MICHAEL
JACKSON AND R. KELLY, NONE OF
THESE ARE NEW ALLEGATIONS.
WE ARE ALL HEARD THESE
ALLEGATIONS FOR YEARS.
AND I THINK BECAUSE WE AS A
SOCIETY LIKE THE MUSIC, WE SAID
W-8, YOU KNOW, THEY WERE
ACQUITTED, SO OKAY.
YOU KNOW, WE'RE STILL ENJOYING
THE MUSIC.
BUT NOW WHEN YOU SEE THE PEOPLE
COME OUT AND THEY ARE TALKING
THE WAY THAT THEY ARE TALKING,
YOU CAN'T UNHEAR THAT.
YOU CAN DECIDE WHETHER YOU WANT
TO BELIEVE IT OR NOT BUT YOU
CAN'T UNHEAR IT.
AND I THINK WE ARE LISTENING TO
IT NOW VERY DIFFERENTLY.
>> Stephen: WELL, GAYLE, THANK
YOU SO MUCH FOR BEING HERE.
>> THANK YOU FOR HAVING ME,
REALLY, REALLY.
>> Stephen: THANK YOU.
THE GAIM KING INTERVIEW WITH
R-- THE GAYLE KING INTERVIEW
WITH R KEL HEE AIR THIS FRIDAY
AT 8 P.M. ON CBS.
GAYLE KING, EVERYBODY.
WE'LL BE RIGHT BACK WITH PAMELA
ADLON.